翻译人员 :   Geoff   Chen 校对 人员 :   Zhiting   Chen
我 这辈子 都 是 个 旅行者 。§I'm a lifelong traveler.
即使 还是 一个 小孩子 的 时候 ，§Even as a little kid.
我 便 了解 ， 事实上 ，§I was actually working out that it would be cheaper
去 读 英国 寄宿 学校 会 比§to go to boarding school in England
去 加州 父母 家 附近 最好 的 学校 就读 还 来得 便宜 。§than just to the best school down the road from my parents' house in California.
所以 ， 当 我   9   岁 时 ，§So, from the time I was nine years old
我 在 一年 中 ， 会 独自 飞行 几回 ，§I was flying alone several times a year
穿越 北极 ， 就 只是 去 上学 。§over the North Pole, just to go to school.
当然 ， 飞得 越 频繁 ， 我 越是 爱上 旅行 ，§And of course the more I flew the more I came to love to fly.
所以 就 在 我 高中毕业 后 一周 ，§so the very week after I graduated from high school.
我 找到 一份 清理 桌子 的 工作 ，§I got a job mopping tables
为了 让 自己 可以 在   18   岁 那年 ，§so that I could spend every season of my 18th year
在 地球 不同 的 大陆 上 ， 分别 待 上 一季 。§on a different continent.
接着 ， 几乎 不可避免 地 我 成 了 一个 旅游 作家 ，§And then, almost inevitably, I became a travel writer
使 我 的 工作 和 志趣 可以 结合 在 一块儿 。§so my job and my joy could become one.
我 真的 开始 发觉 如果 你 可以 幸运地§And I really began to feel that if you were lucky enough
漫步 于 西藏 的 烛光 寺庙 ，§to walk around the candlelit temples of Tibet
或者 在 音乐 的 缭绕 间§or to wander along the seafronts in Havana
悠然 信步 于 哈瓦那 海岸 ，§with music passing all around you.
你 便 能 将 那 声音 、 天际§you could bring those sounds  and the high cobalt skies
与 靛蓝 海洋 的 闪烁 光芒§and the flash of the blue ocean
带给 你 家乡 的 朋友 ，§back to your friends at home.
真确 地 捎来 些许 神奇 ，§and really bring some magic
点亮 自身 生命 。§and clarity to your own life.
除了 ， 如 你们 所知 ，§Except, as you all know.
当 旅行 时 ， 你 学到 的 第一件 事情 是§one of the first things you learn when you travel
你 必须 以 正确 的 视角 看 世界 ， 否则 大地 依然 黯淡无光 。§is that nowhere is magical unless you can bring the right eyes to it.
你 带 一个 易怒 的 男人 爬 喜马拉雅山 ，§You take an angry man to the Himalayas.
他 只会 抱怨 那儿 的 食物 。§he just starts complaining about the food.
我 发现 ， 有点 怪异 的 是 ，§And I found that the best way
最好 的 让 自己 可以 培养§that I could develop more attentive and more appreciative eyes
更 专注 和 更 珍惜 世界 的 视角 的 诀窍 是§was, oddly.
哪儿 都 不 去 ， 静止 于 原处 即可 。§by going nowhere, just by sitting still.
当然 呆 在 原地 正是 我们 许多 人 寻常 所 得到 的 东西 ，§And of course sitting still is how many of us get
我们 都 渴望 在 快速 的 生活 中 获得 休息 。§what we most crave and need in our accelerated lives, a break.
但 那 却是 我 唯一 的 方法 ，§But it was also the only way
让 自己 可以 重历 自身 的 经验 幻灯 ，§that I could find to sift through the slideshow of my experience
理解 未来 与 过去 。§and make sense of the future and the past.
如此 ， 我 惊异 地 发现 ，§And so, to my great surprise.
我 发现 无 所 去处§I found that going nowhere
和 游览 西藏 或 古巴 一样 ， 令人兴奋 。§was at least as exciting as going to Tibet or to Cuba.
无 所 去处 ， 只不过 意谓着§And by going nowhere, I mean nothing more intimidating
每天花 几分钟 ，§than taking a few minutes out of every day
或 每季 花 几天 ，§or a few days out of every season.
甚至 ， 如同 有些 人 所 做 的 ，§or even, as some people do.
在 生命 中花 上 几年§a few years out of a life
长久 地静思于 某处 ，§in order to sit still long enough
寻找 感动 你 最 多 的 一瞬 ，§to find out what moves you most.
回忆 你 最 真实 的 幸福 时刻 ，§to recall where your truest happiness lies
同时 记住 ，§and to remember that sometimes
有时候 ， 谋生 与 生活§making a living and making a life
彼此 是 处于 光谱线 上 的 两端 的 。§point in opposite directions.
当然 ， 这是 明智 的 众生 历经 几百年§And of course, this is what wise beings through the centuries
从 每个 传统 中 所 告诉 我们 的 。§from every tradition have been telling us.
这是 一个 古老 的 概念 。§It's an old idea.
早 在 两千多年 前 ， 斯多葛 学派 提醒 我们§More than 2.000 years ago,  the Stoics were reminding us
并 不是 我们 的 经验 成就 了 我们 的 生命 ，§it's not our experience that makes our lives.
而是 我们 用 那 经验 做 了 什么 。§it's what we do with it.
想象 一下 ， 一阵 飓风   迅速 扑 向 你 的 城市 ，§Imagine a hurricane suddenly  sweeps through your town
将 所有 一切 化为 废墟 。§and reduces every last thing to rubble.
某个 人 身心 遭受 终身 顿挫 ，§One man is traumatized for life.
但 另 一个 人 ， 也许 甚至 是 他 的 兄弟 ， 却 几乎 感觉 释怀 ，§But another, maybe even his brother, almost feels liberated.
并 认定 ， 这是 一个 可以 使 自己 重获 新生 的 重要 机会 。§and decides this is a great chance to start his life anew.
这是 同样 的 事件 ，§It's exactly the same event.
截然不同 的 回应 。§but radically different responses.
没有 什么 是 绝对 的 好坏 ，   正如 莎士比亚 在 《 哈姆雷特 》 中 所 告诉 我们 的 ，§There is nothing either good or bad, as Shakespeare told us in "Hamlet."
好坏 由 思维 决定 。§but thinking makes it so.
这 无疑 就是 我 作为 一个 旅者 的 经验 。§And this has certainly been my experience as a traveler.
24   年前 ， 我 完成 了 一次 最 不可思议 的 旅程 ：§Twenty-four years ago I took  the most mind-bending trip
橫跨 朝鮮 。§across North Korea.
但 这次 旅行 只 持续 了 几天 。§But the trip lasted a few days.
这 经验 对于 无 所 去处 的 我 来说 ，   允许 我 可以 在 心思 中回 朔 ，§What I've done with it sitting still, going back to it in my head.
试着 了解 它 ， 让 它 在 我 的 思维 中寻得 一个 位置 ，§trying to understand it, finding a place for it in my thinking.
在 那儿 ， 它 已 存留 了   24   年 ，§that's lasted 24 years already
而且 很 可能 会 在 我 这生 中 ， 一直 持续 下去 。§and will probably last a lifetime.
换句话说 ，   这次 旅行 ， 带给 我 一些 惊人 的 景致 ，§The trip, in other words, gave me some amazing sights.
但 唯有 处于 静止 的 状态§but it's only sitting still
才 让 我 得以 将 这些 风景线 化为 更长 的 见识 。§that allows me to turn those into lasting insights.
我 有时 会想 ， 我们 的 生活§And I sometimes think that so much of our life
有太多 东西 发生 在 我们 自己 的 脑袋 里 ，§takes place inside our heads.
在 回忆 中 ， 在 想象 里 ， 透过 诠释 ， 或是 猜测 ，§in memory or imagination or interpretation or speculation.
如果 我 真想 改变 我 的 生命 ，§that if I really want to change my life
我 可能 最好 从 改变 我 的 思维 开始 。§I might best begin by changing my mind.
同样 ， 这 一切 都 不是 新 想法 ；§Again, none of this is new;
这 就是 为什么 莎士比亚 和 斯多葛 学派   在 几个 世纪 前 就 告诉 我们 ，§that's why Shakespeare and the Stoics were telling us this centuries ago.
然而 ， 莎士比亚 从未 面对 过 一天 收到 两百多 封 电邮 的 日子 。§but Shakespeare never had to face 200 emails in a day.
（ 笑声 ）§(Laughter)
据我所知 ， 斯多葛派 的 学者 们 也 没待 在 脸 书上 。§The Stoics, as far as I know, were not on Facebook.
我们 都 知道 ， 在 我们 的 按 需 生活 中 ，§We all know that in our on-demand lives.
一种 最 迫切需要 之物§one of the things that's most on demand
就是 自己 。§is ourselves.
无论 我们 处于 何处 ， 处于 何时 ， 无论是 夜晚 或 白天 中 的 任何时刻 ，§Wherever we are, any time of night or day.
我们 的 老板 ， 垃圾邮件 ，   我们 的 父母 都 能 找到 我们 。§our bosses, junk-mailers, our parents can get to us.
社会学家 近年来 所 发现 的 是 ，§Sociologists have actually found that in recent years
当今 美国 人 的 工作 时间 竟然 比   50   年前 还少 ，§Americans are working fewer hours than 50 years ago.
但 我们 却 觉得 自己 的 工时 更长 。§but we feel as if we're working more.
我们 有 越来越 多 的 可以 用来 节省时间 的 设备 ，§We have more and more time-saving devices.
但 有时 ， 时间 似乎 越来越少 。§but sometimes, it seems, less and less time.
我们 比 以前 更 容易 与§We can more and more easily  make contact with people
身处 地球 另一端 的 人们 联系 ，§on the furthest corners of the planet.
但 有时候 ， 在 那 过程 中 ，§but sometimes in that process
我们 与 自己 断了线 。§we lose contact with ourselves.
作为 一个 旅行者 ， 让 我 最为 诧异 的 事情 之一 就是§And one of my biggest surprises  as a traveler
我 发现 ， 时常 ， 往往 那些§has been to find that often it's exactly the people
最使 我们 能够 走向 世界各地 的 人§who have most enabled us to get anywhere
却 最 希望 身居 原处 。§who are intent on going nowhere.
换句话说 ， 正是 那些§In other words, precisely those beings
创造 了 打破 旧时 的§who have created the technologies
限制 人 出游 的 科技 的 人们§that override so many of the limits of old.
才 是 最具 智慧 的 个体 ， 他们 理解 限制 的 必须 ，§are the ones wisest about the need for limits.
甚至 在 面对 科技 本身 时 ， 亦 是 如此 。§even when it comes to technology.
有 一次 我 造访 谷歌 总部 ，§I once went to the Google headquarters
我 见到 了 所有 你们 听说 过 的 事 ；§and I saw all the things many of you have heard about;
室内 树屋 ， 蹦床 ，§the indoor tree houses, the trampolines.
拥有   20%   属于 自己 付费 工时 的 员工 ，§workers at that time enjoying 20 percent of their paid time free
允许 他们 的 想象 自由 漫游 。§so that they could just let their imaginations go wandering.
但 更 让 我 感到 印象 深刻 的 是 ，§But what impressed me even more
当 我 正在 等待 我 的 数字 身份证 时 ，§was that as I was waiting for my digital I.D..
有位 谷歌 员工 告诉 我 一个 项目 ，§one Googler was telling me about the program
说 他 正 打算 教 许许多多 的 谷歌 员工§that he was about to start to teach the many, many Googlers
来 练习 瑜伽 ， 并 成为 训练 师 ，§who practice yoga to become trainers in it.
而 另外 一个 谷歌 员工 向 我 阐述 了 一本 他 正想 写 的 书 ，§and the other Googler was telling me about the book that he was about to write
一本 关于 内在 寻索 的 书 ，§on the inner search engine.
以及 科学 如何 经验性 地 证明§and the ways in which science has empirically shown
打坐 ， 或 冥想§that sitting still, or meditation.
不仅 能 促进 健康 ， 明晰 思维 ，§can lead not just to better  health or to clearer thinking.
甚至 也 能 增加 情绪 智慧 。§but even to emotional intelligence.
我 有 另 一个 在 硅谷 工作 的 朋友 ，§I have another friend in Silicon Valley
他 的确 是 当前 最前沿 科技 的§who is really one  of the most eloquent spokesmen
最有 说服力 的 代言人 ， 事实上 ，§for the latest technologies.
他 是 《 连线 》 杂志 的 创始人 之一 ， 凯文 · 凯利 。§and in fact was one of the founders of Wired magazine, Kevin Kelly.
凯文 当时 正在 写 一本 有关 最新 技术 的 书 ，§And Kevin wrote his last book on fresh technologies
但 他 家里 却 没有 智能手机 ， 笔记本电脑 ， 或者 电视 。§without a smartphone or a laptop or a TV in his home.
如同 许多 住 在 硅谷 的 人们 ，§And like many in Silicon Valley.
他 非常 努力 地 观察§he tries really hard to observe
那个 称为 互联网 安息日 的 东西 ，§what they call an Internet sabbath.
在 每个 星期 ， 有   24   或   48   小时 ，§whereby for 24 or 48 hours every week
他们 会 彻底 地下 线 ，§they go completely offline
以 寻求 一点 方向感 ，§in order to gather the sense of direction
用来 重新 调整 ， 并 汲取 他们 重新 上线 时 之 所 需 。§and proportion they'll need  when they go online again.
有件 科技 可能 尚未 给予 我们 的 是§The one thing perhaps that technology hasn't always given us
如何 可以 更 聪明 地 使用 科技 。§is a sense of how to make the wisest use of technology.
谈到 休息日 ，§And when you speak of the sabbath.
让 我们 看看 十戒 吧 ，§look at the Ten Commandments --
其中 只有 一个 字 的 形容词 涉及 “ 神圣 ” ，§there's only one word there for which the adjective "holy" is used.
而 那 就是 安息日 。§and that's the Sabbath.
我 拿 起 犹太 圣典 《 托拉 》 ，§I pick up the Jewish holy book of the Torah --
它 最长 的 章节 ， 就是 关于 安息日 。§its longest chapter, it's on the Sabbath.
我们 都 知道 ， 这 真是 我们 所 拥有 的 最大 奢侈 之一 ：§And we all know that it's really one of our greatest luxuries.
空 。§the empty space.
在 许多 音乐作品 中 ， 停顿 或 静默§In many a piece of music,  it's the pause or the rest
赋予 了 这 作品 美丽 形貌 。§that gives the piece its beauty and its shape.
我 知道 ， 作为 一个 作家 ，§And I know I as a writer
我 时常 会 在 页面 中 留下 空白 ，§will often try to include a lot of empty space on the page
让 读者 可以 完整 地 领会 我 的 思维 与 句法 ，§so that the reader can complete my thoughts and sentences
以 留给 想象 呼吸 的 空间 。§and so that her imagination has room to breathe.
现在 ， 在 实际 的 领域 中 ， 当然 有 很多 人 ，§Now, in the physical domain,  of course, many people.
倘若 他们 稍微 富余 的话 ，§if they have the resources.
会试 着 在 国内 拥有 第二个 家 。§will try to get a place in the country, a second home.
我 从未有过 那些 资源 ，§I've never begun to have those resources.
但 我 有时 记得 任何 时候 ， 若 我 想 的话 ，§but I sometimes remember that any time I want.
我 可以 给 自己 放 一天 假 ，§I can get a second home in time, if not in space.
来 适时地 ， 获得 第二个 家 。§just by taking a day off.
当然 ， 这 从来 就 不 容易 ， 每次 我 这么 做 ，§And it's never easy because, of course,  whenever I do I spend much of it
对于 所有 多 出来 的§worried about all the extra stuff
会 压垮 我 隔日 工作 天 的 忧虑 就 会 出现 。§that's going to crash down on me the following day.
有时 我会 觉得 ， 我 宁愿 放弃 吃 肉 ， 性生活 ， 或 红酒 ，§I sometimes think I'd rather give up meat or sex or wine
也 不愿 失去 任何 一丁点 查 邮箱 的 机会 。§than the chance to check on my emails.
（ 笑声 ）§(Laughter)
每 一季 ， 我 的确 给 自己 三天 假期 ，§And every season I do try to take three days off on retreat
但 关于 丢下 我 妻子 以及 忽略 那些§but a part of me still feels guilty to be leaving my poor wife behind
老板 寄来 的 看似 紧急 的 邮件 ，§and to be ignoring all those seemingly urgent emails
以及 错过 一个 朋友 的 派对 ，§from my bosses
我 内心 某处 仍然 觉得 有 负罪感 。§and maybe to be missing a friend's birthday party.
但 一旦 来到 某个 真正 安静 的 地方 ，§But as soon as I get to a place of real quiet.
我 才 了解 ， 只有 去 那儿 ，§I realize that it's only by going there
我 才能 拥有 全新 的 ， 有 创意 的 ， 或 快意 之 事§that I'll have anything fresh or creative or joyful to share
和 我 妻子 ， 上司 和 朋友 分享 。§with my wife or bosses or friends.
否则 ， 老天 ，§Otherwise, really.
我 能够 加诸 于 他们 的   仅仅 是 我 的 疲惫 或 分神 状态 ，§I'm just foisting on them my exhaustion or my distractedness.
实在 无福 可言 。§which is no blessing at all.
所以 当 我   29   岁 时 ，§And so when I was 29.
我 决定 要 重整 自己 全部 的 生活 ，§I decided to remake my entire life
为了 获得 那无所 去处 的 体验 。§in the light of going nowhere.
有天 晚上 ， 我 从 办公室 回家 ，§One evening I was coming back from the office.
当时 午夜 时分 ， 我 正在 出租车 上 ， 经过 了 时代广场 ，§it was after midnight, I was in a taxi driving through Times Square.
我 突然 惊觉 ， 自己 仓皇 度日§and I suddenly realized that I was racing around so much
以至于 永远 无法 赶上 自己 的 生活 。§I could never catch up with my life.
而 我 当时 的 生活 ， 事实上§And my life then, as it happened.
已 差不多 就 和 我 小时 梦想 的 一般 。§was pretty much the one I might have dreamed of as a little boy.
我 有 非常 有趣 的 朋友 和 同事 ，§I had really interesting friends and colleagues.
我 在 公园 大道 和 第   20   街 交口 有个 非常 棒 的 公寓 。§I had a nice apartment on Park Avenue and 20th Street.
我 有 个 对 我 来说 绝佳 的 工作 ， 这 工作 让 我 得以 撰写 世界 事务 ，§I had, to me, a fascinating job  writing about world affairs.
但 我 从来 未能 将 自己 和 它 清楚 分开 ，§but I could never separate myself enough from them
让 自己 倾听 自己 的 思绪 ，§to hear myself think --
或 ， 去 理解 是否 我 真的 处于 喜乐 之中 。§or really, to understand if I was truly happy.
因此 ， 我 放弃 我 梦想 中 的 工作 ，§And so, I abandoned my dream life
就 为了 待 在 一个 位于 日本 京都 某后 街里 的 单间 房 内 ，§for a single room on the backstreets of Kyoto, Japan.
这 地方 长久以来 产生 了 一种 强烈 的§which was the place that had long exerted a strong.
对 我 来说 极为 神秘 的 吸引力 。§really mysterious gravitational pull on me.
甚至 在 我 孩提时代 ，§Even as a child
我会 看着 一幅 京都 的 画作 并 感觉 ， 我 认出 它 来 了 ，§I would just look at a painting of Kyoto and feel I recognized it;
在 定睛 审视 它 之前 ， 我 便 知 如此 。§I knew it before I ever laid eyes on it.
但 它 也 是 ， 如同 大家 所知 ，§But it's also, as you all know.
是 一个 群山环绕 的 美丽 城市 ，§a beautiful city encircled by hills.
充满 了   2000   多座 寺庙 和 神社 ，§filled with more than 2.000 temples and shrines.
人们 在 那儿 静默 了   800   年 以上 之 久 。§where people have been sitting still for 800 years or more.
就 在 我 搬 到 那儿 不久 ，§And quite soon after I moved there, I ended up where I still am
我 与 现在 的 妻儿 ，§with my wife, formerly our kids.
挤 在 一个 有 两间房 的 公寓 里 ， 在 一个 不毛之地 ，§in a two-room apartment in the middle of nowhere
我们 没有 自行车 ， 没有 车 ，§where we have no bicycle, no car.
没有 可以 理解 的 电视节目 ，§no TV I can understand.
我 还 得以 作家 和 记者 的 身份 ，§and I still have to support my loved ones
抚养 我 的 至 亲家 人 ，§as a travel writer and a journalist.
因此 很 明显 地 ， 这 对 职业生涯 ，§so clearly this is not ideal for job advancement
对 文化 探索 ，§or for cultural excitement
或 对 体验 社会 文化 纷繁 来说 ， 都 不是 一个 理想 的 规划 。§or for social diversion.
但 我 理解 ， 这 赋予 了 我 那些§But I realized that it gives me what I prize most.
我 最 珍爱 的 日子 ，§which is days
与 时刻 。§and hours.
我 在 那儿 从未 需要 使用 手机 。§I have never once had to use a cell phone there.
我 基本上 几乎 无须 看 时间 ，§I almost never have to look at the time.
每天 早上 我 醒来时 ，§and every morning when I wake up.
在 我 眼前 展开 来 的 一天§really the day stretches in front of me
是 一片 敞开 的 草地 。§like an open meadow.
当 生活 向 你 抛出 某个 重大 惊喜 时 ，§And when life throws up one of its nasty surprises.
它 不 只会 出现 一次 ，§as it will, more than once.
当 一个 医生 来到 我 房里 ，§when a doctor comes into my room
脸上 带 着 肃穆 的 表情 ，§wearing a grave expression.
或 一辆 汽车 在 高速公路 上 突然 改道 ， 漂移 到 我 车子 前方 ，§or a car suddenly veers in front of mine on the freeway.
我 知道 ， 在 我 骨子里 ，§I know, in my bones.
正是 那无所 去处 的 时光§that it's the time I've spent going nowhere
帮助 我 持续保持 平静 ，§that is going to sustain me much more
那 比起 我 在 不丹 和 复活节岛 所度 之 日 都 要 有 帮助 。§than all the time I've spent racing around to Bhutan or Easter Island.
我 永远 都 会 是 个 旅者 ，§I'll always be a traveler --
那 是 我 生活 之所系 ，§my livelihood depends on it --
然而 旅行 的 美好 之 处 在于 ，§but one of the beauties of travel
它 让 你 保有 沉静 之心 ，§is that it allows you to bring stillness
在 这 莽撞 与 躁动 的 世界 之中 。§into the motion and the commotion of the world.
有 一次 ， 我 在 德国 的 法兰克福 搭机 ，§I once got on a plane in Frankfurt, Germany.
一位 年轻 的 德国 女子 坐到 我 身旁 ，§and a young German woman  came down and sat next to me
与 我 展开 非常 友善 的 对 谈 ，§and engaged me in a very friendly conversation
近   30   分钟 ，§for about 30 minutes.
接着 ， 她 就 转过身 去 ，§and then she just turned around
静静地 坐在 那儿   12   有个 小时 之 久 。§and sat still for 12 hours.
她 未曾 打开 屏幕 ，§She didn't once turn on her video monitor.
她 也 没有 拿出 书本 ， 甚至 从未 睡 去 ，§she never pulled out a book, she didn't even go to sleep.
就 只是 静静地 坐 着 ，§she just sat still.
她 那 明晰 和 沉静 已 真正 传授 于 我 。§and something of her clarity and calm really imparted itself to me.
近来 我 注意 到 有 越来越 多人 刻意 地§I've noticed more and more people taking conscious measures these days
试图 在 他们 的 生活 中 打开 一片 空间 。§to try to open up a space inside their lives.
有些 人 参加 黑洞 之旅§Some people go to black-hole resorts
他们 会 一晚 花上 几百美元§where they'll spend hundreds of dollars a night
只 为了 将 自己 的 手机 与 电脑§in order to hand over their cell phone and their laptop
上缴 给 度假 接待处 。§to the front desk on arrival.
有些 我 认识 的 人§Some people I know, just before they go to sleep.
并 不会 在 睡 前 刷屏 看 信息 ，§instead of scrolling through their messages
或 观看   YouTube   视频 ，§or checking out YouTube.
反而 就 只是 关灯 ， 听 音乐 ，§just turn out the lights and listen to some music.
他们 知道 ， 这样 会 有 更好 的 睡眠 ，§and notice that they sleep much better
在 隔天 一早 将 更 神清气爽 。§and wake up much refreshed.
我 曾经 有幸 地§I was once fortunate enough
驾驶 于 洛杉矶 旁 的 高耸 黯黑 的 群山 之中 ，§to drive into the high, dark mountains behind Los Angeles.
那儿 曾经 住 了 伟大 的 诗人 乐手   --§where the great poet and singer
举世皆知 的 莱纳 德 · 科恩 。§and international heartthrob Leonard Cohen
他 曾 在 那儿 附近 作 了 好几年 的 僧人 ，§was living and working for many years as a full-time monk
就 在 博帝 山 禅学 中心 。§in the Mount Baldy Zen Center.
当 他 在   77   岁 发表 了§And I wasn't entirely surprised
自己 的 唱片 专辑 ，§when the record that he released at the age of 77.
他 故意 给 这个 专辑 取 了 一个 非常 不 性感 的 名称   “ 旧 思维 ” ，§to which he gave the deliberately  unsexy title of "Old Ideas."
然而 这 专辑 在 全球 17   个 国家 冲上 排行榜 首位 ，§went to number one in the charts  in 17 nations in the world.
在 另外   9   个 国家 冲 上前   5   名 。§hit the top five in nine others.
它 触动 了 我们 内 心里 某种 东西 ，§Something in us, I think, is crying out
触动 了 躁动 的 人们§for the sense of intimacy and depth that we get from people like that.
一种 亲密 、 深刻 与 沉静 的 思绪 。§who take the time and trouble to sit still.
我 想 许多 人 拥有 这种 感觉 ， 我 当然 也 是 ，§And I think many of us have the sensation.
我们 站 在 一个 巨大 的 屏幕 前 ， 距离 大约 两 英寸 ，§I certainly do.§that we're standing about two inches away from a huge screen.
人声鼎沸 ， 摩肩接踵 ，§and it's noisy and it's crowded
每一刻 都 在 变动 着 ，§and it's changing with every second.
而 那 屏幕 即 为 我们 自己 的 人生 。§and that screen is our lives.
唯有 向 后退 一步 ， 再 回头 一步 ，§And it's only by stepping back, and then further back.
静静地 屏住 气 ，§and holding still.
我们 才能 开始 了解 那 画布 上 描绘 之物 ，§that we can begin to see what the canvas means
并 以 更 宽广 的 眼界 洞察 世界 。§and to catch the larger picture.
有些 人 已 如此 做 了 ， 他们 无须 来 去 。§And a few people do that for us by going nowhere.
因此 ， 在 这个 快速 转变 的 时代 ，§So, in an age of acceleration.
没有 什么 比 慢下来 还要 振奋人心 。§nothing can be more exhilarating than going slow.
在 这个 失焦 的 时代 ，§And in an age of distraction.
没有 什么 比 凝神专注 来得 奢侈 。§nothing is so luxurious as paying attention.
在 这个 不断 变动 的 时代 ，§And in an age of constant movement.
没有 什么 比静思 来得 急迫 了 。§nothing is so urgent as sitting still.
所以 ， 下 一次 当 你们§So you can go on your next vacation
去 巴黎 ， 夏威夷 或 新奥尔良 度假 时 ，§to Paris or Hawaii, or New Orleans;
我 保证 你们 会 有 一段 美好时光 ，§I bet you'll have a wonderful time.
但 如果 你们 想 回家 ， 期待 满怀 全新 希望 ，§But, if you want to come back home alive and full of fresh hope.
爱 这个 世界 ，§in love with the world.
我 想 ， 也许 你们 应该 试着 哪儿 都 别 去 。§I think you might want to try considering going nowhere.
谢谢 各位 。§Thank you.
（ 掌声 ）§(Applause)